add documentation to repo (#1407)
abiosoft/colima: website/content/en/docs/config/vmtype/vz.md

---
title: VZ
weight: 2
---

> | ⚡ Requirement | Lima >= 0.14, macOS >= 13.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ⚡ Requirement | macOS >= 13.0 |
```

|-------------------|-----------------------------|

"vz" option makes use of native virtualization support provided by macOS Virtualization.Framework.

An example configuration:
{{< tabpane text=true >}}
{{% tab header="CLI" %}}
```bash
limactl start --vm-type=vz
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="YAML" %}}
```yaml

> # Example to run ubuntu using vmType: vz instead of qemu (Default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Example to run Colima using vz instead of qemu.
```

vmType: "vz"
images:
- location: "https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/releases/24.04/release/ubuntu-24.04-server-cloudimg-amd64.img"
  arch: "x86_64"
- location: "https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/releases/24.04/release/ubuntu-24.04-server-cloudimg-arm64.img"
  arch: "aarch64"
mounts:

>   - location: "~"

Reviewer: Let's delete these
